Fuwaa--
--aaa. I'm so bored
(If there were an intruder, I could let loose with a danmaku battle...)
(Oops, I have to stay focused)
Sup!
Oh, hello, you two.
Reimu-san, you're here at Ojousama's invitation, right?
Yes, that's right
And you, Marisa-san...
Well, I wasn't invited...
Then I can't let you through
Come on, don't make me sad
I could let you in if you will play with Imouto-sama
I came for Patchouli's books today
*crack crack*
I admire the honesty, but that's all the more reason to not let you through
So, what are you gonna do? That makes me an intruder
I will of course beat you back
I'm going in first
All right!
Invited to the Scarlet Devil Mansion
This is a derivative work
Welcome, we've been waiting for you
I won't end my sentences with "--over."*
Who are you talking to?
[*Reference to Sf from Owari no Chronicle]
Your clothes look like they'd be annoying to draw
May I ask who you are talking to?
This Mansion always makes me think of an organ
Thank you
It wasn't a compliment
click
Oh, it seems that a trap meant for intruders _malfunctioned_
I apologize. Are you all right, Reimu-san?
I see, I guess it's fine if it's a malfunction
There won't be a second time
Hahaha!
Aah? Where did you just look at before laughing?
No, I'm glad you weren't hit
There you are, Reimu!
[Re-mi!]
Be thankful that you were invited to my tea!
From your soul!!
How annoying. I'm leaving
Oh, sorry! Come on, it was just a joke! A vampire joke
Since Ojousama is of excellent upbringing, she isn't good at honest communication
Hey! Are you trying to say I don't understand social conventions?
Not at all
You've had a very admirable sheltered upbringing, Ojousama
You ARE making fun of me, aren't you?
*punch*
I told you not to
do stuff
that would give her a bad impression
Oh?
There's no need to worry
Nothing could change
Reimu-san's impression of you NOW
How long is this skit going to last?
I might actually leave, you know?
Oh, don't leave!
So? Isn't it good?
Sakuya made that cake
Mim im mimmy moom, Mamuma
Thank you for your kind words
Man, you understood that?
You must really not be used to eating sweets
Hm? ...Sakuya, did you do something different? It tastes better than usual
Yes, since we have a guest, I used an especially good water
BOSHUUUUU
It's water consecrated at Myouren Temple.
SHUUU
*punch* *nom nom*
You know
That's really
quite a personality you got
Oh?
Thank you very much
It wasn't a compliment
I apologize
Fugi!
CRAAACK
SNAP
grab grab
CLICK
FWOOSH
STOP
Gyaboo!
THUD
I see you're okay, Ojousama
Don't decide that without asking me
And Reimu-san, too
I'm glad you're all right
Tch!
VWIIIIIN
IIIIN
I don't think I need a knife for this cake
Hahaha
That's very funny
Meiling! I told you to be careful about stray bullets!
I'm sorry!
Can I beat you up now?
Why? That knife must be, you know, a stray.
When did Meiling start throwing knives?
HUH? She doesn't. It's probably Marisa-san's new skill
Remilia, your servant is unbelievable. In the brain, I mean.
*nom nom* [The strawberry's so good]
Right?
Thank you
It wasn't a compliment
Ug!
This stone statue brandishing a sword is the god?
That's right
Just a sword?
How basic
He must be brave
To increase the population, this god even drops a thunder on the village
How selfish
It's faithful to the source material
[running]
Stop right there, Marisa!!
Reimu: Oh, you died
Remilia: Damn it
I'll give them back when I die! See ya!!
[Remilia: I'll increase the population]
Stop, damn it!!
[Remilia: Thunder, boom!]
CRAAASH
What is that?
Koakuma said she got it from that second-hand shop...umm
Kourindou?
Yeah, that
She said "it might be useful for carrying baggage and books at the same time"
Koakuma: Are you okay?
Patchouli: Gunu...
By "baggage," I think she means Patchouli
Damn it, Marisa...
You say that, but you're actually happy to see her, aren't you?
Oh, Reimu
[grin] [Hey, are you going to ignore me? Hello?]
Welcome
You have awful-looking eyes, as usual
Right back at you
Aren't you two being a bit too comfy? So lazy
Who cares? It's not like anyone's watching
So Meiling lost, huh. Are there punishments?
Not really
There isn't?
[Ow...]
Meiling is something like a touchstone
If she accomplishes her duty as a gatekeeper, that's fine
Even if she lets someone through, if it's fun for me, that's also fine
I see
It's not fun for me!
Koa, Sakuya, Remi: Oh, come on
Giii!!!!
Damn it! You all keep making fun of me!
I'm leaving
Patchouli-sama, what shall I do with the cake?
I'll eat it! Save me some!
It's about time I got going
Whaaa?
You're already leaving?
I shall show you to the gate
Reimu-san
Thank you very much
Why are you thanking me all of a sudden?
Oneesama! Marisa's here!?
She already left
Since they met you two, Ojousama and Imouto-sama seem to be enjoying each day.
*rub rub*
Whaaa? How come you didn't call meee?
Sorry, Flan. So could you stop rubbing Oronain* all over my face?
[* A popular ointment brand]
And they smile more often now
Since their pride does not allow them to see their own transformation
I would like to thank you in their stead.
But
please be sure
to not disappoint the Scarlet Devil.
....
I'll keep that in mind.
Well
It's just a way of saying, we look forward to our continued friendship.
Oh, here's a gift. I put the cake inside
...thanks
Oh, Reimu-san. Sorry about earlier. Were you okay?
Yes, I'm fine. Don't worry
I'm glad! Oh, you got a gift!
They gave me cake. I think I'll have it with Suika...
tic tic tic tic tic tic tic
tic tic tic tic tic
CRASH
There!
Whaaaaa
BOOOM!
Whaaaaaaaa
[smoke]
See you
Impressive as always. I think we'll be able to have a lot more fun, Ojousama
Sakuya
We need to talk
A raise? Thank you very much...
No, you idiot
Music
[hick-up]
Oh, Reimu, you're back~
Did you bring anything back~?
It exploded
That makes no sense~
Reimu, do you not like Sakuya?
Sakuya-san, do you not like Reimu-san?
What makes you say that?
Well, but SHE probably hates me.
(They're birds of a feather, these two...)
The End